hey guys it's Heather I wanted to go
over a gift that I got myself for my
birthday it was this past Saturday and
something that I researched quite a lot
it is a Louis Vuitton bag and it's
pre-loved I did get it out of Australia
it was guaranteed with the authenticity
and honestly with the pieces that I have
I have so many I can
sadly tell if a bag is real or not just
by looking at the stitching and I mean
when you see one enough it's really easy
to tell when something's fake unless
it's a super fake but that's why I had a
I think you send it to Carol diva on
line and she makes sure that it's
authentic but I ended up picking up goes
between the delightful GM and the
Galliera GM and I ended up with the
Galliera GM it's actually pretty it's
still in pretty good condition as you
can see that the leather has patinaed a
little bit but it is still pretty light
you know there's only a spot like right
here that's a little easier the ring has
rubbed down there but this bag I'm so
happy that I ended up with this one
because this strap is really thick and I
mean having wide shoulders you would
think bags would stay on my shoulder but
for example like I love my never full
but one of my complaints I still would
keep the bag and repurchase it but one
of my complaints is that the little
straps always fall off my shoulder and
it's a little annoying but this one is
so comfortable it stays on there and it
looks really I mean I'm 5 foot 9 but
it's really pretty and I like really big
bags anyways so I do have some stuff in
here but I can still kind of show you
the inside of it so you can see what it
has um it does have a magnetized hold on
where's it right here a magnetized
little button on either side so you can
put that together I don't even do that
because
the way that this bag curves when it's
kind of like a hobo there's no getting I
mean nothing's gonna fall out of there
it's actually pretty secure and then
also on this part of the that's where
the stamp is and it says Louis Vuitton
Paris made in France I know that as
Jerusha Couture said most of their backs
they get in Australia are made in France
so I did get one of the bags that are
made in France the inside of this is
very know if it's suede or though it's
very velvety feeling it's soft and it is
a tan lining on the inside of this
monogram print of this specific bag on
the inside which I really like you have
this pocket right I don't know what I
have in there like a mascara kinda hard
to see you have this pocket but then on
the front of it there's a little button
and then there's another pocket in there
which this is really hard to see but
you've got two in one kind of right
there and then right next to that is
your standard and this part of the bags
get in the way is your standard little
cell phone holder
which I usually it's too small for my
cell phone so I usually just stick like
a couple MAC lipsticks in there and they
seem to hold still or a flashdrive
someone's kind of weird just in case if
you need to save something it's a pretty
deep bag on my d-ring I have this little
mini Pichette with my eyelash curler
sticking out of it I've got my agenda in
here got my wallet got some coach
sunglasses it's pretty deep you know
I've got my card holder and you know
other essentials in there but it's a
very deep bag it is a little bit
difficult to find your stuffing as most
Louis Vuitton bags are because they're
pretty big but this bag is so soft I
mean this pre-loved so it's very soft
but I just
love it I'm so happy that I got this one
you know I know how you get like a new
toy and you love that the most but I use
every one in my bag so I'm not one of
those people who purchases bags and then
uses it a couple times then puts it in
my closet and then doesn't use it again
I rotate my bags all the time obviously
my Dom EA Azur prints are used more in
the summertime I only have a couple of
those but I try to have different bags
that have you know a unique use to them
so I make sure that I use it obviously
the little pets and the accessories I
use quite often on the inside of my bags
or when I go out at night but for the
most part of use most of my bags and I
can still say that this one is my new
favorite I just love how soft it is I
like how it looks I'm a fan of huge bags
and I like slouchy hobo style so this
one is awesome the delightful GM was the
other one I was looking at it was very
similar to the never full though but it
did have these zippers I'm I am pretty
proud of my purchase and maybe if I
could possibly find a pre-loved in the
delightful I may get that one but I mean
how many bags do you really need a lot
of them but anyways guys I hope you have
a great day and if you have any
questions please post any comments below
about this bag or I do have another
videos of my first video over my
collection which I need to release a new
Louis Vuitton collection video because
I've added quite a few pieces but if you
have any questions on any other bags or
need any reviews just let me know and
I'll feel free to do that alright have a
great day